What 1 million
Got 1 million in a few hours
Yes!
I didn't expect this liar to die and become a living horse doctor
It really saved our growth
Not bad, you lived up to my trust in you.
Sister Shuang, I will never let you down again in this life
XiaoShuang
Hey, Uncle Sun
What wind brought you here?
Xiaoshuang heard that your food factory's capital chain is broken.
I've known your father for a long time
I'm ready to acquire your company outright
Don't worry, you can continue to be your general manager.
It's just that the boss is replaced by me.
How about Uncle Sun?
Thank you for your kindness.
But we've raised all the money.
What did you raise?
Xiao Zhou, you'll know when you take a look.
Borrowing money with bonds within a business tells you
Xiao Shuang, you are a business genius
Uncle Sun?
I didn't come up with this method.
It's a poverty that my best friend's lover came up with
The name Yiqiu sounds familiar.
autumn
This is Sun Hongyun, the chairperson of Dingsheng Group
Can you say?
All the groups in Jiangnan
It's all under his control
It just so happens to be my father's friend
This Sun Hongyun's Dingsheng International is a listed company
Things 1 billion
One of his executives at the time
Managing camels with money
Fleeing with a huge loan
Sun Hongyun's business empire also went bankrupt
I ended up in jail.
Lifetime included.
Hello Mr. Sun
Oh.
I remember now.
You are the one who paid your wife hundreds of thousands of medical bills
A gambler's ball to gamble